So what we can do is we can show a progress dialog to tell the user that, hey, your order is being
placed in order to do this, we are going to be using a package and for this purpose we have to go to
our browser and then head up to the dev.
And over here we are going to search for a package known as S and Progress Dialog S and Progress Dialog.
Okay.
And click on this first link over here, which says As an underscore progress, underscore dialog.
And now we have to copy this code and head back to your voice code and then you have to go straight
to the pulse back to amplify.
And you can see currently I have already had that.
So you can just have yours and use control and to save or you can just restart your vehicle after I
done it.
Okay.
Now back to the minus screens folder and then the payments screen.
What we have to do first is to use control and B, to make this wide.
And the next step is we are going to create a function and we are just going to create this function
over here.
And we can say void and we're going to call this function, show progress.
Okay.
And within the function, we are going to create a rainbow.
But before then we can just specify.
It is something known as Progress Dialog and we can call this Rainbow Progress dialog is going to be
equal to.
Progress.
Dialogue.
You can see it automatically parses the context, but you can see above we have nothing like contest.
And the reason this is different is because we are using the stateful widgets.
So automatically the contest is going to be defined within a state for widgets even without having it
above.
Okay, great.
But if this is a stateless widgets, you won't be able to have access to that contest.
So we are only able to have access to this contest because it is a stateful widget.
And now we can call this rainbow called Progress Dialog.
Requires dialogue.
Then it has.
Something on that show.
Basically, we want to show the progress dialog.
It has a property known as mosque, which is basically referring to the lines on how long we can wait.
We can see on the that is is going to load for one, two, three, four, five, six.
So under it and you can see it's asking for the message.
The message we can say order.
We can just use the capital letter for this order.
Listen.
Or you can just say, please wait, or let's just say please wait.
These.
With OC.
Now youth culture and save.
And lastly, we then have to call this function called progress dialogue.
To do this, we have to scroll down.
Scroll down.
And you can see we have this function called on press.
And before the up before the follow up, we can then call that function call to progress dialog in order
to start loading.
Okay, great.
And really, there is no need of stopping the progress dialog because basically after we upload that
product is going to play the card and it's then going to take us to the customer screen.
So really we not really need to stop that progress dialog.
And let's try this out.
Okay.
Click on pay.
I think we have to do this again.
I took hard.
And.
Cash on delivery.
Clapham and P.
Please wait.
Okay.
And what we can also do is we send the.
With ten.
This.
It has a property known as barrier color.
This is going to make it look as if we are in a new screen when we are not.
We can say colours dot sign it's controller and save and let's go try it again.
Okay.
We want this to cut this.
And check out.
Okay.
And we can click on Confirm.
And for now, we are going for the cash on delivery.
And click on confirm again and pay.
You can see it some.
That was the work of the BioWare color.
It made it look as if we are in a new screen.
It also has a property known as background color.
We're going to call her, which is going to be that which is going to change out why it's called.
You just see what's in the background to.
I'm just going to show you again.
As you say, we are going to color see colors.
That red.
Okay.
And.
Let's order.
Okay.
We can order this.
And order this.
Okay.
Cut screen and check out.
Think I have some slow network.
Hopefully.
Click on Confirm.
Okay.
Catch on.
Delivery.
Confirm and pay.
You can see it now so we can just change that back.
Okay.
It has a lot of properties you can just over.
I think it also has the dismissible, the border radius and so many others.
It has the progress BG collar that round the end user.
Right.
You can just explore more by saying this is okay, we can just try this one more time to make sure everything
is working as expected and as well you can get rid of this barrier color.
Remember, this would make it look as if we are in a new screen when we are not.
Right.
Okay, we can just have this.
These are cards and we can just head for the women category.
Okay.
I think I prefer this women gown and have this.
And also I'm going to have this Gucci dance and then touch screen and I'm going to click on Check Out.
Okay.
You can see the name of the customer, the phone number and the address, and you can just click on
Confirm.
Okay.
And cash on delivery.
And this is the total payment.
Okay.
Pay some school.
OC OC order has been placed.